And think of yourselves as someone handling climate change problems, maybe someone working in the government sector helping countries solve problems like this. Since issues are being solved, we have a few questions which you need to handle. Let me go through them. We have a few datasets, and these questions will be based on these five datasets. You can go through them and read the data. We have provided the dictionary for you. Take note of the columns, names, and descriptions of the datasets, because you might have to connect different datasets to identify the problem and handle the solution.

Let's get into the first question. You need to build a forecasting model to identify the daily carbon prices for the next 30 days. We have carbon emissions due to the fossil fuels which we use there, so we need to analyze the carbon prices for the next 30 days. You need to select which model you are going to use, justify why you are using this, and provide the most suitable model with the highest accuracy and precision.

The next question is to predict the carbon dioxide emission based on the energy mix. The energy mix is the mix of different types of energy being generated. It can be wind, nuclear energy, or fossil fuels, maybe carbon. Maybe some countries can use different types of energy. In our data, we have multiple countries and multiple regions. You need to identify and predict the tapping power and CO2 emission based on the country's energy profile. You need to do a prediction there as well and provide your solution to us. Your next question will be: there is a hypothesis that carbon prices increase and decrease depending on real-world problems that happen based on natural disasters or some energy policy that is added. We have different types of conventions, like the Geneva Convention, etc., and they implement different policies. These policies are for some natural disasters, maybe a tsunami, and maybe a coal power plant got destroyed. Because of that, prices may change.
We want you to identify, through your datasets, if you can find the fossil prices and the real-time climate change policy change connection, and let us know what you find. Prove that the days since a large change even occurred or days since a policy change occurred have a connection with how the fossil prices fluctuate. That is our next challenge for you: how can I identify if prices move up or down, or how the price rapidly changed, or if there is no price change? You can let us know about that.
The next question we have is a visualization question. You need to analyze your data and uncover any global energy transition patterns. Your dataset can be from the year 2000 to 2026, so you can do different types of visualizations that show how energy is made in a country. As I mentioned before, we have:
- fuel
- nuclear
- different types of fossil fuels
- renewable and non-renewable energy sources
You need to see how these energy mixes and the CO2 emissions in countries or regions change. You can judge them based on whether the energy mix continues the current trend. Maybe a country has been using fossil fuels for 30 years. Suddenly, they introduce something new in 2020, and you need to identify how it changes. Was there a transition, or did the CO2 emission rapidly decrease because they switched to non-renewable energy sources or renewable energy sources? You can take on that challenge, see it differently, and present us with the solution.
Next, we have forecasting the future image. Now you have data from 2000 to 2026, so use this data and predict, for the next 5 years from 2026 to 2030, how your CO2 emissions for different countries and different regions change. You can generate the annual CO2 emission forecast per capita, or you can identify the total CO2 emission and predict that for the next 5 years.
Maybe there's something we haven't presented yet, but you want to show us that this is a key finding here. You can highlight anything you need to highlight from the questions we already asked there as well.
Next comes the interesting round to pitch your product. You can think of yourself as, as I mentioned, maybe working for the government or working in a private company, so you need to identify your target market. Who are you going to pitch your product to? Now you have done an analysis, built some models, and done some visualizations, so now you need to present it to your client or customer. Identify your target market. This is a big challenge: the global climate change and carbon dioxide emissions. Identify your target and then provide the proper solution architecture diagram on how you would connect all of your problems and provide a final solution.
You can think of a product. It doesn't have to be what we have said. We have given some examples of what you can work on, but it doesn't have to be what we have said. You can think outside the box and provide a solution to a customer based on what you are working on, build an MVP and a technical proof of concept, and if you can, show us something working. It doesn't have to be fully working, but it's good if we can see a product finally and something working, so we can judge you based on how we all have worked on this solution.
Incorporate things which you worked on. Maybe you can add something different which is not in your initial questions and present us the solution, and then you need to define your commercial strategy. How are you going to monetize something like this? These are things in the real world. When you build something, you need to get it to the outside market. Everyone is working to earn. Maybe there are some people who do it for your satisfaction, but in the end, you need to learn how to pitch your product, and you need to learn how to map your product. Identify those and identify your commercial strategy, and finally, a presentation where you can pitch your product and pitch your solution so that it's understandable to your target domain. That is the challenge for today. Hope you all enjoy it and learn something new! If you all have any questions, you can ask us.